When we go back to the virtual machine and we click on these undergraduates should not we have reverts
back to the latest snapshots.
These is become available.
So when we click on the video machine we got to do snapshots this tape right hand you see that we have
two option right where you are here.
That's me.
You are no running division machine at this.
In and the original snapshot is where you get.
I voted vamp's not show the time test of the snapshot the description the time created.
This uses some information to console how it will look when you take a snapshot.
If we click on this one this one only have a disk usage because it's still using the same information
from the original one and only the disk users don't want consume about two hundred seventy five megabyte.
So if we try to for example close this one and try to create a new one like that for example there's
two reasons and we try to make some editing inside this one and see if it's
it's say.
OK.
So no we have the situation on this virtual machine.
I'll.
Close it.
We have to fight and we mix onchange inside to fight.
If we try to revert back to the one right hand that's when you are right there you have to find it.
In this one of course if we make any change in this one for example copy some new fight it's the size
right here will be changed for the day after this.
And when we go to do that I start like that and we try to check the content of this data start to check
do file of deals that VM Dicky.
So we work on the Windows XP and before we go to Windows XP.
Number four what is it.
And try to get to available fine in this Vetri or machine.
So how does it differ in spite of this virtual machine.
If we try to check them Dekhi but as a VM dickhead is it to Windows XP 0 4.
VM Dekhi the size of this game is ajuga right because we carried his dream machine with 8 bytes of Stosh
and the new one that's got it the same name when XP 0 4 0 0 0 0 1.
VM decie This is the destock disk that creates it.
We do snapshot it consume about 23 megabytes of the Stosh.
So this is fine.
Or the top parotid file that use throw to snapshot snapshot exist in this file.
Also we have some information about the snapshot this one snapshot one.
Also when you create another snapshot will be it's natural to natural trees and so on and so on.
So if you back to the original between Mashi And of course after creating some file with making some
it did this one have a new line created like that and does one have some new update to create this file
writer.
And we see it also if we try to delete for example or find that already exist.
Let's make it to see a real example.
For example the picture of inable I turn
so we have for in Wash we try to delete them from this machine for any reason.
What you want but I use a delete system files from the machine and does machine start getting problem
in running for your company.
So for that you stay true back to a snapshot you click on this one you got a snapshot.
And in this time you'll change revert to the latest snapshot.
So when you click on that current state of the virtual machine will be lost only it is so read in a
snapshot.
Robert latticed most recent snapshot just point this virtual machine when reverting to selected snapshot.
And what the situation does we have right here if our users keep using this virtual machine and for
example try to tape on your data in a specific find for example hate tape right here are the name of
the user or the client and so on when you run our snapshot of course all that data will be lost and
any data created by the user in that specific time.
We're not going to see that in any situation in the new data or in our preview of that.
So there's options to support this with your machine when revetting to do still act natural does mean
will you support this with your machine from in years or do you use it until complaints do revert back
to the original disk then it will be back to the live.
Do we use it.
Of course we'll leave it like that on this one.
Click.
Yes.
So the virtual machine revert to the current not.
Of course this washing machine will be disconnected because it will just on that
is that it will take time revert to the current snapshot task revert to current snapshot.
OK.
Loxton a Samadi.
This one is out of service for a moment.
That is it so rare to do.
Couldn't not show it.
If we go back and refresh the page you'll see that it will back to the previous one because we saved
the reign of this virtual machine.
So where is this if you remember this folder was opened before taking a snapshot.
We make a snapshot.
It's created without 7:8 the folder that exists right here is related.
If we check the picture in this place it will back to the original want my picture
shown to demolish.
I mean the picture available how does it do for pictures.
Back to the original place.
And if we try to click on this one he will ask you do you want to save the change.
Because when we take a snapshot this change was not because if we chose.
No it will be delayed.
The last line that we added.
How does it do last Lambert-St of it's deleted material.
So we're back to this one.
If we take a snapshot we'll not found any is not true to our hair.
That's mean.
You are in the original snapshot and it it's you make it's connected to this one.
So this is our life example of our power over your machine.
Of course if we were back to the part of us we have a snapshot we can revert back to the original one.
But in this situation we didn't make any chance to so.
One so it's the same and we don't need to do it.
So next we'll make some other this abroad scenario and discover them together and.